alright here's the video of the condo ma
walk in the front door great view of the
city here's kitchen nice nice nice nice
I didn't earn any of the lights and ok
let's go back out here okay that's a
little shaky because I'm a little shaky
here's the view that we got there's the
view of the city that you like the
report pretty cool I think what you like
two is the length of this porch it's a
pretty long goes from living room here
into the bedroom and show you
the lead over the rail last view of the
city
this porch goes all the way over into
the second bedroom or the master bedroom
which is right in here
let's go inside take a look at the rest
of this place you've got tile floor in
the entryway which is very similar what
you got in your bathroom here's your
room or master bedroom bathroom exhale
for
this is something
here's another bathroom turn the light
on yeah okay
is the second bedroom closets everything
house let's back up show your floor is
ceiling
it's a carpet nice that concludes our
tour see you